Stepped installation guide for error tracking (#12220)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/error-tracking/installation/svelte.mdx

---
title: SvelteKit error tracking installation
---

import { Steps, Step } from 'components/Docs/Steps'

import SvelteInstallClient from '../../integrate/_snippets/install-svelte-client.mdx'
import SvelteInstallServer from '../../integrate/_snippets/install-svelte-server.mdx'

<Steps>

> <Step title="Installing PostHog" subtitle="Your goal in this step: Install the PostHog SvelteKit SDK." badge="required">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Step title="Installing PostHog" subtitle="Your goal in this step: Install the PostHog JavaScript web and Node SDKs." badge="required">
```
